<!-- WARNING: This file is autogenerated - changes will be overwritten if not made via https://github.com/pulumi/ci-mgmt -->

# Contributing to the Pulumi ecosystem

Do you want to contribute to Pulumi? Awesome! We are so happy to have you.
We have a few tips and housekeeping items to help you get up and running.

## Code of Conduct

Please make sure to read and observe our [Code of Conduct](./CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)

## Community Expectations

Please read about our [contribution guidelines here.](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#communications)

## Setting up your development environment

Run `make` to configure your Go workspace for this repository and make a development build.
Set the environment variable `GOWORK` to `release`, e.g.: `GOWORK=release make`, to create a release build suitable for a pull request.

### Pulumi prerequisites

Please refer to the [main Pulumi repo](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/)'s [CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developing) for details on how to get set up with Pulumi.

## Committing Generated Code

You must generate and check in the SDKs on each pull request containing a code change, e.g. adding a new resource to `resources.go`.

1. Run `GOWORK=release make` from the root of this repository
2. Open a pull request containing all changes
3. _Note:_ If a large number of seemingly-unrelated diffs are produced by `make` (for example, lots of changes to comments unrelated to the change you are making), ensure that the latest dependencies for the provider are installed and you used `GOWORK=release` with make commands.
